---
layout: post
title: "A blog-start to my website"
date: 2022-08-19 -0000
---
Hello, 

I have recently realised it was high time I make a website for myself. After being informed by a friend of mine about Github Pages (I still feel ashamed I had no clue about this existing) I have decided to make a website which will act both as my blog, as well as personal contact place where people can find both my thoughts and creations. 

I am a fourth year student right now and am currently on the NLP bandwagon of following making PhD application in NLP and getting into academia. I got the opportunity to do an internship with Microsoft where in I worked as a Data and Applied intern and worked on making a POC for Code Summarization for Bing Code Answers, an amazing project where I had equal parts of fun and tension to get ideal results. Regardless, this two month package of research work (alongside a handfull of discussions with the best professors I could ever ask for in my college) I have decided to shift my attention fully to academics and research oriented work. I also got a PPO a few days back from Microsoft to continue working with them as an FTE engineering, which I accepted (just in case my research journey fails before it begins). It felt strange honestly seeing their offer letter for me. While the stipend and the package they offered was good by my family's standards, I still felt bad signing it and returning it back (yes I had crossed my fingers while signing it so once I do get my PhD application through, I can show them the cross fingers and move ahead with my journey).

One bad thing that happened during my internship was that I was forced to switch to Windows. I had been using linux before my internship and was completely happy with my Arch setup with customized DWM for all my nerdy stuff. Sadly I was asked to switch to windows during my first week of the internship so as to run some _internal proprietary_ software only available on windows. Thanks Microsoft. That however made me switch back to windows and since my internships completion now I seem to have been somewhat reluctant to switching back to windows given I got used to using the windows precision touch drivers and WSL was sorta okay for me for now. My friend says its better I stick to windows only for now and that I should grow up :3.

Regardless other things that have been going on are that I started a BTP project with Prof Sorav Bansal. Its on Program Synthesis and we still are sorta on the discovery phase of the project, meaning we dont have a clear idea if our goal is even plausible. I will update this page once we do and explain you guys exactly what we are doing. In other news I also am the Coordinator for the Game Dev Club. This is the first year that the GDC is a part of the main DevClub so naturally we are expected to be somewhat responsible and do things such that DevClub incharge is happy. I in all honesty am regretting applying for this position as I cant seem to back off now and have this on my head to do as well. Lets hope it does'nt come in between my PhD application and my BTP project this semester X3.